Darrell D always telling you to take the
back roads but today we took the main
road to prove you can find human stories
everywhere that you look if you try
today we meet a guy with no arms but
with a lot of inspiration for all of us
to look and to see that there's always
hope and always something good in the
world if you'll look and see it
hi I'm Michael Devon for the mall farted
they are magically doing some art work
when drawing years--not and artwork
everybody different people fine artwork
unusual lettuce it's more the best art
that I tried myself - did the good Lord
gave me this talent years ago I always
wanted to be artist and I could not grow
the bulk of my hand I did have both my
hands but to get that thought I got into
it something that
most people love to see me at work the
art work that I do is so unique as I do
put on throwing I do family portrait
drawing I do any going that one
regardless of where Michael might be
he's always got a fan close by who wants
a peek at that awesome art my name is
Kevin Hines call me champion
Campus Director for SC 18 chaplain for
Georgia I met Mike Rowe at Kent miss
being around happens I know some of his
family he'll come to Margaret football
camp and he'll do his drawings
it just really inspires these young
people and especially our football
players to see a man with limitations
like he has be out there feeling it and
working hard so yeah it's been a
blessing you know I think it's a
testimony to God giving him a gift in
him using it some positive influence and
many people that witness what he does
and the quality of work that he does I
know a lot of people that got his
paintings in their houses so he just
left
owner TJ Calloway of the five mile Club
in Athens welcomes Michael as an
employee and artist to help sell his
York we've got a series coming out here
shortly Michael is actually going to do
one original of every fraternity and
sorority house on campus and we're gonna
hope to promote those to the
fraternities and sororities as prints
and maybe t-shirts and you know the
original would possibly be available to
to each chapter although this one's mine
CJ like ideas something like putting
stuff on t-shirts you know and so we're
gonna come out with you know t-shirts of
what people want you know and not only
blue or Bulldog related but you know
something and more and the nature
scenery something more and you know just
come out with stuff that people want
just to show you he doesn't just to
Georgia stuff my brother is a big FSU
fan and this is a really cool cool
original that Michael did of chief
Osceola on the horse
today at chick-fil-a we watched as
Michael became one with his canvas his
drawings are more than just lines on a
canvas but it's a part of him but he
does admit he's learned to keep up with
the crowd with new tricks target the
same time - so a lot of my fans they
don't they wait on a picture but and
some of them ask me question while I'm
doing it
you know since Michael's accident as a
young boy he's learned to live with what
he doesn't consider a handicap but use
what he has he thinks God for each and
every day and says every day is a
blessing in his opinion he's happy with
who he is you know good he don't do a
day without you no prophet hey buddy how
you doing I'm doing pretty good
so that's another heartwarming story
thank you Michael for sharing it with us
here today for the back road treasures
I'm Darryl Teague